# NewsGame
News Game Project
Global warming is an issue that is always lingering in the back of people’s minds but is never taken as seriously as it should because immediate change cannot be seen in most people’s daily life.  Since most people in the U.S are distanced from the polar regions and can’t see the devastation of melting ice caps firsthand the issue seems far off from causing harm to average Americans.  However, this thought could not be farther from the truth.  With the melting of the polar ice caps ocean levels will rise a whopping 216 ft., completely changing the shorelines of the United States and the many cities that have made their mark on coastlines.  Change can already be seen in Miami as rising sea levels claim about 3 ft. of coastline per half a decade.  The problem has become so bad that flooding solutions has become a big part of budget spending as government scrambles to save tourist areas such as South Beach.  
Unfortunately, Miami isn’t the only city facing a growing problem.  The majority of coastal cities will be affected by rising oceans sometime in the next 20 years.  Cities like New York, Philadelphia, New Orleans, San Francisco, Houston, and Boston would be completely submerged with the total melt of polar ice caps.  My personal hometown of Duxbury Massachusetts, which lies at the base of Cape Cod, would be completely submerged with only 20 ft of ocean rise.  The problem lies with the people wo resident these vulnerable areas.  Population migrations will become a huge part of our world if the problem continuous on its current path.  Millions of Americans will be forced to migrate to new areas of the country.  This will be no easy task especially for people of poverty who will most likely become climate change refugees.  
For my news game I want to best represent this harsh reality with a game that demonstrates population displacement.  The game would consist of 4 or 5 vulnerable cities rising sea levels in the United States.  Every decade the ocean would rise causing flooding to each city.  The player would be charged with moving the populations of these cities across America.  However harsh restrictions would limit the player, so they would have to distribute populations to places that can afford to accommodate them.  In addition, a time limit will be in place, so the user must act quickly to be successful.  Eventually the game will speed upon as water claims area faster and users must react quickly.  In an effort to best represent the situation the user will always finish the game with a failure.
